I'm excited to be here tonight. I have
some things on my heart that the Lord
showed us last night
right at the end. Whenever
the river hit,
whenever I felt the river pulling me,
seeing all that we
were seeing, it was amazing. I
didn't want to get out of it, but I got
tired. Flesh is flesh, and
I want it to be accurate; you don't
want to add to or take away from
anything, so I have to rest.
I'm thankful for all of you who prayed
with us and are ready to pray.
Tonight, we're going to go over the
darkness.
I don't talk about darkness.
Even whenever I talk to
some family and they talk about darkness, I
don't talk about it. I'm going to
be real with you. Sister Billie
always—she doesn't
talk about darkness.
The elders that I'm around don't
talk about darkness; they
have authority over
it.
We give no
place for the devil. We don't talk about
what he's doing very often.
We just pray and know what
the Lord is showing us, and we don't get
into the drama of it. We know
there's a dark side and witchcraft. We understand that, but we know
we have power and authority
over the darkness, so we don't give
voice to it. Life and death are in the
power of your tongue. The more you
start speaking death,
it tries to manifest around you.
The more you glorify the devil, he'll
manifest around you. I glorify Jesus.
When I say glorify the
devil, I
mean
giving him any place in your mouth. I
don't want to talk about him. He's a
loser. Why talk about a loser?
I talk about the winner who triumphed
over
death, hell, and the grave and whipped him
once and for all. We're going to give Jesus
all the praise. Everything
I say out of my mouth, I give
all glory to God. I'm not going to
sit there and talk about what the
devil's doing all the time in the
satanic realm, but tonight we're going
to talk a little bit about some things
the Lord showed us.
It's not giving the devil any
credit; we already know he's defeated.
We're educating
so you aren't blinded by the
snares of evil. That's where
we're going to go tonight;
we'll touch on
it. Father, we thank you. We
dedicate this prayer time to you,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We apply the
blood over our internet. Father, I thank
you that our internet remains
strong in this time of prayer and that it
will not go in and out. I thank
you
that it's a tool and
that it
works like it's
supposed to and will not break down
and
buffer. Thank you, Lord. We have
a
clear connection as we pray
over our nation and our
president. We're so grateful and
give you glory, honor, and praise that
it's none of us and all of you. In
Jesus'name,
amen. All
right, I guess we'll start. Good
evening, family. Thank you for being here
again tonight.
We're going to go over immediately what
we saw in the spirit last night.
There's a lot to what the Lord showed us,
especially at the last part;
it was amazing.
We're going to go over that and
jump right into this because I
don't want to take a lot of your time.
We want to jump right into prayer.
There's much to pray about. As we were
driving around today and doing what God
had us to do with our business,
he showed us a lot about what was
coming. As I was
driving, the Lord said, 'I
have things for you to do right
now.'I
was caught up,
and the Lord was allowing me, as I'm
driving down the highway, to see
an open-eye
vision. I
told Dee, 'Write this all down and
record it because the Lord is warning
and talking about the attacks upon
America, the attacks upon the church,
and where we are in these last of
the last days.'It was amazing.
But that's not for tonight.
What the Lord
has for today is what we saw last
night. This is a
high-alert
time. As we prayed last night,
we saw the Illuminati triangle.
We saw the 1500s. Sorry,
I'm so used to saying 1920s and
all that. In the 1500s, we were taken to
France. We saw a building in New
York City. I texted you
the picture, Braden.
I texted you the
exact building that I saw because I
asked the Father where it was and he
showed me.
In this building, I
saw—not
that one, baby, it's similar to
that. I don't know because I
don't want 'Sister Clipboard'going and
trying to find out who these people are.
That's why I have to be so careful;
you
have
people that are very
immature following us. I
want you to know this building. Don't
show that one, Braden.
I feel
a check about it. You can show
this; there's plenty of people living in
there.
That building I was shown in the
spirit. As I was shown
it,
I saw a demonic
covering over the building. I saw
witchcraft, which were protection
spells. It was thick
and
purple. As
you try to penetrate it with prayer, I
saw demonic spirits being sent out of
it.
I heard duchesses. I heard certain
royalties
in the
realm of the spirit—demonic royalties.
People that have sold out to the devil.
As I was looking, I
saw generational bloodlines
that went back clear into France,
into beautiful
mansions.
You can show those places in
France if you need to.
I saw places like this.
I don't know if you
should show it or not. Just leave it
alone, baby,
because
it's getting
too close to people's names.
So I saw these places. The
Lord showed me that there was
this place in France, and I saw
bats all at the top of this in the
spirit realm that were connected to
satanic practice.
But as I was praying into this last
night, I saw
the blood of the innocent.
I saw a bull
on two legs standing upright.
That was a demonic spirit with great
horns and a nose
ring.
It was standing
as a shadow up by New
York,
gaining strength from the sacrifice
of the blood of the innocent.
As
women would have
abortions, it would give this demonic
entity strength
from the blood of the innocent. I saw
little fetuses that were
formed, where you could almost
tell it was a baby,
which
would give it more strength. The
more developed
the baby was—not just an embryo, but more
developed—the
more strength
this demonic entity got. It
wanted full-term
abortion, up to birth; it
got great strength from dismembering and
satanic practice from
child
sacrifice.
This demonic being had great horns
and was very pronounced,
but it was attached to France and
Canada. There was a line
that went from the New York and Boston
area to Toronto,
France, and Spain,
building
what
looked like a triangle. It
was
like a pyramid of a
cord
trying to build a demonic stronghold
through this demonic bull that was
standing upright.
As I saw this, I saw
celebrities and politicians. And He said,
"We were praying over the Save America
Act,"and
we could see what was blocking
this. Certain people with great
power were paid off by demonic
positions in the spirit realm.
They had
masks
on their faces; they
looked
like they were at a masquerade party.
You couldn't see who they were because
they had masks on their faces. I
saw some of them had purple and black outfits on,
and
they were
performing
satanic practices, getting ready
for an Antichrist spirit
to
destroy the United States of America.
And I saw, "Save America!
Save America!"The only thing that
will save America in a Save America Act
is America turning back to God. I saw
that the Lord said the only
thing that will save America is an
awakening unto God.
It's not about a Save America Act, no
matter how much we want that passed; it's
about an awakening in
the church—that
the church would rise up with a backbone
like a crowbar and preach righteousness
and holiness back in the pulpits. He
said, "The abortion issue is part of a
moral issue of promiscuity, being
out of
wedlock."You
don't ever hear very often about
husbands and wives married having
abortions; it is usually people who are
promiscuous outside of marriage.
A lot of it, I saw, was a moral
issue. I was behind
the pulpit preaching righteousness,
holiness, and the glory. And as I saw the
glory come into the churches, people
weren't out sleeping around; people
weren't doing the things that they
shouldn't be doing. The glory of the
Lord was rising on the church, and the
people were getting set free. And
He said, "This is like
the Welsh Revival; go back to
it—the
bars shut down, things
changed."And
He said, "I'll do the same thing in
America and around the world, Brandon,
if we bring the church back to where it
should
be—preaching
holiness, preaching repentance,
and
getting ready for the coming of the Lord
Jesus."I
saw the shaking in the
church, a shaking in the
pulpits across America, and a major
revival is about to take place. As
we were praying and interceding,
I could see this demonic being and
what was going on with these
buildings. I saw
Cuba,
and the Lord said, "This is the day
of
deliverance;
it's come."I heard
the sounds of the horns
playing like it was in the Ten
Commandments
movie with
Charlton Heston.
And that was what was playing over,
"Arise, oh Israel,
behold the dawn of
freedom."That's
what I heard
over Cuba. And the Lord said, "A great
revival is coming to Cuba, to
Venezuela, to Colombia, and
to Brazil."I
heard the sounds of the horns, and He
said, "It's the day of deliverance.
It's time to birth
this in the spirit realm concerning the
revival that's about to take place for
the Latino community."Last night, I
heard
the
sounds of those horns blowing
across the land. It was a blast,
blast, blast across Cuba.
The Lord said, "It's time. The day
of the breakthrough is here.
Proclaim this for the people of
Cuba."Like
in that
movie, it's, "Oh, people of
Colombia and these areas, it's time
for the greatest revival you've ever
seen
before."I
saw breakthrough after breakthrough
in
the spirit realm last
night concerning Cuba, Colombia,
and all these other areas. So, I'm
excited for that, but I'm also
excited for what He's going to do in
Africa, Asia, Europe, and
everywhere in between.
It's time to get excited
for what God is going to do in your
community.
Then
He showed us
Coachella, and I saw a demonic play in
Coachella with snakes rising up as
spirits coming out to cause major
disruptions for some kind of an event. We
were
praying over Boston
for the marathon, praying over
the
Red Cross, and what's
happening
on the 20th. And the Lord,
all of a sudden, had us praying for 89ers Day
in Guthrie, Oklahoma, praying over
our oil wells
and
facilities
in
Houston and Tuttle,
Oklahoma—places
that refine major amounts of
oil—praying
for our troops in the Middle
East, and specifically praying for our
Vice President and our President for
protection over their lives.
The Lord showed us the attack that
was coming against President Trump's
mind, that he was not thinking like he
normally does. He's not firing
on all cylinders like we have seen him
in the past. This is not the Trump of even
a year ago.
The Lord said, "This
is a demonic attack against his mind.
Pray for
him."People
say, "Well, I don't believe
it."No,
listen to what
I'm telling you. The Lord said it. You
must pray for his mind.
I'm telling you by
the Spirit of the Lord, we need to pray
for his mind—pray for him to be
sharp. That spirit that was
attacking Biden is trying to wrap
itself around our
President's mind
to create confusion. It is a spirit
of witchcraft trying to take him
out. I saw it coming over like a fog
on his mind and
on his eyes. The Lord said, "Do you see
these scales trying to come upon him?
You must pray for our
President."We
had to get him across the
finish line. So we will continue
to intercede for our President,
for the Vice President, the cabinet,
Homeland Security, the FBI,
the
CIA, and all the people
keeping us safe. I believe that God has
given these people great wisdom,
that they know the enemy's plans
before they do it.
I saw apartment complexes
that
they had cased and
looked
into with drone footage,
trying to find
an open door to attack
electric plants, our electric grid, and our
water facilities in
the days ahead. And the Lord said, "Stop
this in prayer."That's why I believe
you're here tonight.
The Lord said, "I want you
to go back and look at every event that
has taken place in the past concerning
this time frame when I warned
you."April
18th. He circled
it: April 18th, which is Saturday. He
said, "Pray over today."It
is
Thursday. We have tomorrow,
then
Friday, then
Saturday. So we're almost there. He
said, "Go back and look at what the
devil has done during this time frame
during the past couple decades,
and we're going to show you the
importance of our prayers this
week."A
lot of you
sent articles to Diana
about the occult, talking about how
this is a high satanic week.
You can read some of that real quick. Go
ahead if you feel led.
Well, it's just what someone sent me.
It says, according to various
occult calendars, April includes
significant dates often associated with
ritualistic practices. A
prominent date is April 19th, sometimes
cited as the start of a 13-day period
ending on May 1st or May Eve.
The key April dates often mentioned in
occult calendars would be April 19th
through May 1st, a 13-day period
sometimes referred to as the blood
sacrifice time in some occult traditions.
April 19th is often
cited as the high ritual day
centered around fire and sacrifice.
This is why this is
going to be so important for what we
share
next.
Show this. The Lord said, "Pay
attention. I saw the vision of
Hitler."And
he said, "Remember, they're
conjuring."Is
it not the word conjure, summons,
whatever? They're bringing forth
the Hitler spirit by blood sacrifice
from virgin girls, and I saw them
doing this in Berlin.
Look at this. April 20th of 1889
was Hitler's
birth.
He died on April
30th of 1945.
The Lord showed us
that and he said, "This is the spirit
behind it. It's Antichrist.
It's about
extermination and just killing
people."He
was crazy. Everybody knows
what Hitler did. Then
he said, "This is very important. You
need to know this. There
are
satanic ties to this."Go next.
April 20th of 1999, we had the massacre
in Columbine
High School
that
happened in
Colorado.
It
was a terrible
event. Then we had the Oklahoma City bombing
on April 19th of 1995. How
many times has the Lord warned us to pay
attention to Timothy
McVeigh?
You
all can tell me in the comment section
how many times the Lord has said,
"Remember Timothy
McVeigh."The
Lord said
the
same way, fertilizer,
pray over this time frame of April 19th.
Do you see that? It's a
pattern. Now look,
April 20th of 2010, the
Deepwater
Horizon oil spill. Remember the BP oil
spill? It flooded all of the Gulf
with oil, and it spread, and they
couldn't figure out how to turn it off.
It was only by the leading of
the Lord that helped that get capped
down in the deep
water. That oil was just pouring
into the Gulf of Mexico and it was
washing all over the beaches in
New Orleans. Does anybody remember
that in 2010? It was a very
serious issue, and the Lord helped us fix
that. That happened on April 20th. On
April 19th, 1993, there was a 51-day
standoff involving the branch of David
Koresh.
Does anybody remember David
Koresh?
Waco, Texas happened on April
19th.
Same time frame.
The FBI raided it and all those people
perished in Waco, Texas.
I remember as a little boy,
they ran in and
it
caught on fire.
Tell me in the comment section if you
remember that. Some of you are too young
to remember this,
but it was a major deal. It was on
live television around the clock.
The Revolutionary War
started April 19th, 1775.
The American Revolutionary War started
on April 19th,
1775.
This is a very
high-alert
week. That's what the Lord was
showing me. I bring all this to you so
you see
it's not normal.
All these evil events
and
other crazy things have happened
during this time frame. Why? The
Lord said specifically to pray for Boston.
The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising began on
April 19th, 1943, when Jewish
resistance fighters refused to surrender
to Nazi forces and launched an armed
revolt against the deportation of the
remaining population.
When was the Tulsa massacre,
the race riots in Tulsa?
No,
that's May 31st.
But I think
it's interesting, as we were praying, the
Lord was showing this
demonic-looking
bull
that was requiring blood sacrifice from
abortions. The Lord said the
reason they fight for it so much is
because this entity is crying out
for the blood of the innocent and it
gives them power. It's attached to
the Illuminati and the darkness of the
deep state where we are with the
occult and the rising up of
the
Mahdi,
the Antichrist, and the Antichrist
system agenda 2030, and the darkness
that tries to embrace this nation.
Trump has said it a million times,
"They're not after me. They're after you.
I'm just in the
way."He
knows
what the darkness is, but he acts
different. There's something wrong. What
do they have on him? What
is going on with him? Where is this
demonic influence suddenly coming from? You
have to ask yourself some questions.
Why are we seeing what we're seeing
right now? The Lord warned
me about the 18th and he circled it. He
said, "Pray over this time frame
concerning Coachella and Justin
at Coachella, praying over these
young people."I saw a bunch of girls
acting like hoochie
mamas,
promiscuous.
They
need to act like little ladies. But
the boys weren't acting any
better. I'm not trying
to pick on girls.
But the Lord warned me as I saw the
snake rising up in Coachella and the
Lord said, "You got to pray over
this."I
saw writing and major
events.
When did that event happen in Texas
where
they stampeded? It was the dark
concert he had where they were
listening to all the voices and
said the
atmosphere shifted. Does anybody remember
that? He was the
African-American guy with braids
who
dated Kylie Jenner.
Travis was his name. Travis. When did
that event happen?
It's the same kind of spirit over the
concert whenever that happened
down in Houston and all those people
were trampled.
That was November 5th. It
was like a demonic rush.
It was Travis Scott.
Pray against stuff like
that.
I'm trying to tell you the Lord warned
me about the 18th. Pray for Coachella.
Pray for these events around America
that there will be a covering.
It's interesting as we put all
this together by the leading of the Holy
Spirit. We've studied this
and tried to figure out what else is
linked
to this. This is
not coincidence.
The Lord's circling this and telling
us to
watch the Red Cross. I said it's not
about the Red Cross, it's not about
race, it's about the hospitals.
Pray for the hospitals. The Lord said
pray for the NBA playoffs; they start on
the 18th.
The Lord said, "Pray for the NBA
playoffs, specifically
Boston and New
York."I
bring all that to you
tonight because I think it's
interesting. The other part is what
Braden
is
about to show
you.
Look at this. Can
you play his video? Elon Musk
is, I think he's so funny. California
legislators are trying to
make investigating fraud illegal.
That's what Elon Musk put on his X, and
then he reposted what Nick Shirley
said. Nick Shirley said California
is trying to pass a bill that would
criminalize investigative journalism
with misdemeanors, $10,000 fines,
imprisonment, and content takedown. The
proposed bill is titled AB 2624 and was
made after I exposed mass fraud by
immigrant groups in America. Under AB
2624, government-funded entities like
the Somali Learning Daycare Centers
would be protected from being exposed if
they operated inside California. The
enemy truly is within.
When our politicians would rather
protect fraudsters and illegal
migrants, it's time for us to stand up
or face mass oppression from the
traitors who rule over us.
This should tell you
everything. They want to prosecute and
put people in jail for exposing fraud.
So, if you expose the fraud, they want
to give you—this is the law they want to
pass in California—a $10,000 fine if
you expose the fraud.
What? Where are we at? That's what
I'm telling you.
Expose widespread fraud all across
America. Quite frankly, states like
Minnesota and California are just the
worst at letting fraud take place,
especially inside of immigrant
communities—for
instance, the Somalians
in Minnesota and then the Armenians in
California. And so now they're trying to
silence anybody who exposes fraud inside
of California. For instance, if this
bill is passed, the Quality
Learning
Center that was in Minnesota would be
protected from being exposed. That is
absolutely crazy. And the crazy thing
about this is the person who's proposing
this bill, her name is Mia Bonta. Her
husband is the attorney general of
California. And so let's say you expose
fraud; this is what could happen to you
inside the state of California: you
could get a misdemeanor, a $10,000 fine,
imprisonment, and your content forced to
be deleted. That is absolutely crazy. It
is time for people to either stand up or
we face mass oppression from those that
rule us.
California Democrats
advance—crazy.
We don't want you to expose our
fraud because now we're upset that
you're exposing it. And if you expose
it, we're going to pass laws against you
and we'll have you thrown in prison for
exposing our fraud, because you're the bad
guy, not us. We're going to give you
a $10,000 fine if you try to expose it,
and they're trying to make it a law.
Where are we at? My
goodness, folks. When I thought
that has to be a lie, let's look.
When Elon Musk was talking about it, I
thought,
'Wow, this is America. Wow.'We've got to
pray. This is part of
what I believe the Lord is telling
us. I told you I saw great
corruption that was worse than any other
place in California. Well,
Gavin Newsom is a snake. And I
saw him on his belly slithering like a
snake to try to go to the White House in
the days ahead. I see he's licking the
ground like a serpent with a blue
cape on and a mask. And we see this
darkness rising up, a darkness over this
area.
Why is it that this young man,
Nick Shirley, has to be the one
uncovering all this? Why are our
politicians not involved in this? Why is
a YouTuber doing this? This is
ridiculous. Why does a YouTuber have to
worry about having a law brought up
about his name? Because we've got a
lot of other corrupt politicians
on the right and the left that are
just as bad. You say, 'Well, it's not
just Democrats; it's Republicans,
too.'And
that's what the Lord said. He said,
'You're just looking at the
left, but the right's just as guilty.
There's a lot of the right that is bad and
they're just hiding.'They hide
underneath the face of Christianity
and other things, and they use it as
a manipulation. You go, 'Well,
we're Christians over here,'and you're
going, 'They're bad, they're
bad.'And
the Lord said, 'Just because they don't
come out with devil
horns and a pitchfork, it doesn't mean
they're
good.'Most
people want to embrace
them.
They say they love Jesus, and I'm
like, 'Well, okay.
All right. Well, praise God.'But
we've
got to come up higher. Why is
Nick the only one uncovering this? Why
is this young man the one doing this by
himself? What is going on with this?
'We're going to pass a law against you.
We're going to throw you in
jail.'My
goodness.
When I
told you I went to the tribulation, I said
when the abomination of desolation takes
place, there's a man standing
next to the Antichrist. I said he is
this man right here,
and he's still there. Remember the Pope?
I said he stands next to the Antichrist
in the days ahead. And there's another
man that looks like a Muslim. He's kind
of dark-skinned with glasses, remember?
And he has a hat on that's black. He
wears a black outfit that looks like a
funny-looking
hat. And I say he stands
on the other side of the Antichrist.
Remember I said he's skinny? He has a
pronounced
jawline.
Pope Leo has a pronounced jawline. Look,
there he is. And now look at the other
guy beside him.
They're friends now.
You all don't realize how close we are;
it's all happening right in front of
your face. I told Braden,
'That's the guy that stands on the
other side of the Antichrist.
He's in the outfit right
there.'I
said, 'Who is he?'So Braden did
research on him; he's a Muslim.
They are all trying to
join Christianity and Muslims together.
We need to be friends.
Pope Leo is receiving massive
criticism after appearing to promote an
alliance between Muslims and Catholics
during his trip to Algeria—not only showing
up
shoeless and signing the
golden book inside Algeria's Grand
Mosque, but also declaring it a space
proper
to God.
I said they're going to bring a
one-world
religion soon, and you're going to
see this. And I said the Pope will
stand next to the Antichrist in the days
ahead. The words say 'space
proper to God,'but the title says 'space
proper to God.'I don't know which one it
is.
It's a space proper to God. So,
it's a place where it's okay; it's a
friendly place.
And I said the man—the only one that's
missing is the Antichrist, and he's not
in the middle, but they're walking
identically how they walk and stand up
when the
abomination of desolation takes place.
That's when I told you Jesus was
standing with me. He said, 'Watch
this,'and
they're standing identical in this
picture. The only one that's missing is
the Antichrist in the middle.
Look at that.
I've waited for this moment since July 6, 2014.
I went to
the
tribulation. I told everybody,
'Watch what happens.'And the Pope,
this Pope right here—I said the last
one was too fat;
it can't be him because you
could see his pronounced jawline.
I said I could look at him up on top of
the abomination of desolation. I was
looking at it with Jesus, and I
saw his jawline, and I said it's a
Pope that has the same halo hat and
does it all, but he's a white man. And
I said he stands up there next to the
Antichrist, and I
remember looking at his face because his
jawline was glistening from the oils of
his skin, and I could see it from up top
as the lightning was striking.
It's the same man. It's him. The other
guy standing next to him is this guy and
it looks just like him. I say he has
glasses,
so maybe he's not. People throw eggs
at me all the time. I try to tell you as
much as I can.
And the Lord told me, 'Listen,
I've warned you all over
and over again how close we are to the
coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ.'What
is the Lord
waiting on? He's waiting on a major
harvest.
I have long patience, but I'm out of
time, Brennan.
This
dispensation of grace is coming to an
end. There is a marker in the spirit
realm. What are we looking for?
I believe we're
about to see one of the greatest
harvests
of souls this world has ever seen.
As he signs things and the Pope
signs this, signs the book, and does
all these things, and they're all hanging
out together, what are we about to see?
Where are we at
in all that we see all around
us? Look what's happening with the war
and all this stuff. Right. Interesting.
So, all right. You want to read any of
this? It kind of changed the atmosphere.
Okay.
I feel like we did okay
here with that. I brought everything
out, right?
Yes.
Okay. It's good of what we see today in
the news.
Anything else from Trump or anything?
You don't want to say nothing? What is
he doing today?
He said that he walked
the Strait and then China
says blockade is dangerous and
irresponsible,
right?
So, all right.
Greed. It's good. I like it when you
read to me.
I've seen it: meetings full of hype,
noise, even passion, but the altar
remains untouched. Why? Because the
ground wasn't broken in prayer. You
can't reap where no one has plowed. The
altar is not a magic space; it's a
manifestation of what's already been
birthed in intercession. Empty altars
reveal empty prayer closets.
The tears in secret become fire in
public. The altars that overflowed
during Finney's meetings weren't the
result of his gift. They were the
result of my tears. I cried in secret
until the ground groaned for salvation.
If you want to see weeping at the altar,
you must first weep on the floor. Heaven
answers seeded ground. No intercession,
no harvest.
Don't blame the people. Blame the
preparation. Too many blame the
congregation when revival doesn't fall.
But I ask: who prayed? Who fasted? Who
groaned? Who interceded with travail
until the Spirit hovered over the
gathering? Altars don't fall by
accident. They fill when intercessors
dig deep wells in prayer.
How to fill the altars with heaven's
glory: break up the ground in prayer.
Tear down resistance before the people
arrive. Saturate the meeting. Pray over
every seat, every soul, every moment.
Invite holy conviction. Ask the Spirit
to rest heavy before the first note is
sung.
'Holy Spirit, let no altar be empty
because I failed to pray. Use my tears
to water the soil of revival. Let my
intercession prepare the way for souls
to come running. Break the ground
through me. Shake the atmosphere through
me. Let altars burn with conviction,
glory, and
transformation.'The
true intercessor—this is
the watchman
who never leaves their post. The
true intercessor is always on guard. You
don't clock out when you carry
heaven's burden. You don't pray once and
walk away. You stay on the wall. You
watch, you wait, you discern, you press.
I was a watchman and I never left my
post. Even when the meetings were done,
I stayed because I knew the war wasn't
over; it was only beginning.
Intercession isn't a moment; it's a
mantle. You must monitor the spiritual
atmosphere. There were nights when I
felt the atmosphere shift mid-revival.
Complacency tried to creep in, demonic
pushback
surged, and I knew I
couldn't
leave my watch. I had to
war again, fast again, groan again. Just
because revival starts
doesn't mean it continues. Watchmen
sustain what
others initiate. God is looking for
watchmen in this generation. The wall is
too empty, the gaps are too wide. The
pulpits are full, but the prayer closets
are abandoned.
The church needs watchmen, intercessors
who don't just pray once, but who own
the ground with persistence. Be the one
who never leaves your post.
True intercession is often lonely. No
crowd, no applause, no social media
updates. Just you, the carpet, and the
groan. I lived it. Most of my
breakthroughs were birthed alone,
because revival begins in isolation
before it ever reaches the masses. God
doesn't need a crowd to start a move; He
just needs one willing voice in the
wilderness. Are you willing to be that
one?
Don't resent the loneliness. Heaven
watches. The Lord is near to those who
weep in private. Every cry you've
whispered, He's caught it. Every groan,
He's recorded it. Every lonely night,
you were never truly alone. The solitary
intercessor is never invisible to God.
I never saw most of the fruit I prayed
for, but years later, the cities I
groaned over would erupt in revival.
What you birthed in solitude becomes
fire that spreads publicly. Your secret
place may look empty, but it is the
epicenter of something holy.
Lord, I say yes to the hidden path.
Strengthen me in the lonely
room. Remind me that I am not alone,
that You are near to those who weep in
secret. I choose the narrow way. I
choose the silent room. I choose the
weight that no one sees. Birth through
me what will one day touch thousands.
Revival is conceived in groaning. Before
there's glory, there's groaning. You
want to know where revival starts? It's
not in the sanctuary, not in the sermon,
but in the sound of groaning from a soul
laid bare before God. Revival is
conceived in the womb of agony. It is
forged in the cries of the desperate. I
never birthed anything with
convenience. It was painful, raw, holy
travail. That groan—it was
heaven's signal that something divine
was being formed. Groaning isn't a
charismatic gimmick; it's spiritual
labor. I groaned until my body shook,
until my voice was gone, until the
heavens broke open. That was when
revival was conceived. I never saw
revival fall until I first groaned for it.
The church doesn't need more noise; it
needs labor pains. You must be willing
to carry what you cry for. Don't pray
for revival if you're not willing to
carry revival. It will cost you. It will
crush you. It will strip you of comfort
and convenience. But if you groan long
enough, it will come. And when it does,
it will change everything.
It's
good.
Groaning in the Spirit,
being led by the
Spirit—it's
a different level of prayer.
That intimacy
of going to the deeper levels with the
Holy Spirit and flowing with Him
in those rivers is what supernaturally...
it's like the pool, you can feel it,
going in with Him and flowing in that
deeper level of prayer.
I encourage every single one of you, if
you're not baptized in the Holy Ghost,
if you don't speak in other tongues, get
the book Why Tongues by
Kenneth
E.
Hagin.
You can find it for free on
YouTube; there's audio of
people
reading it to you,
or if you Google it, I'm sure there's
free PDFs.
Just
meditate on what Brother Hagin is
teaching about tongues.
Keep that down inside of you and stir
it up.
And the
Holy Spirit is not going to come and just
grab a hold of your tongue and wag it
for you.
You got to put your boat into motion.
You've got to start making the sounds,
and you'll feel out of your
belly shall flow rivers of living water.
You'll feel it once you start
getting in that flow, and you'll know
that the Holy Spirit is praying
for you. It's not just flesh. You go,
"Well, is that me or is that the
devil or
whatever?"You
start questioning things. You'll
know. You can feel it.
You'll feel it coming up out of your
spirit, out of your flesh,
out of your spirit coming
out of your flesh.
And it's not fleshly;
you'll know. And I'm going to tell
you the real Holy Ghost flow.
There's many of you that don't know
about it because it's not taught a lot
in church. Acts chapter 2, going through
when the
Holy Spirit came on them in the upper
room, the cloven tongues as a
fire, and they all were
looking at—they were drunk in the Holy
Ghost and all the things that were
happening up there. That same Holy
Spirit that did it 2,000 years ago is
still doing it today. The baptism of the
Holy Spirit is for today. And there's
many of you that have put a wall up to
it because it sounds a little weird
sometimes. You think, "Brandon, I asked so
many questions."People ask me, "Brandon,
what are you doing? What are you saying?
What are you praying?"All the things
that people are always so curious about
because people aren't talking about
it. But it's just me praying in tongues.
Praying in the spirit. Praying in the
spirit with a brand new tongue. Yielding
to the Holy Spirit and letting him flow
through me. And he'll do the same for
you. I believe that every believer can
pray in tongues. Get the book
"Why tongues,"like I said, and just
meditate on it and read those
scriptures. Read it. Meditate on what
brother Hagin's saying, and it will
change you. And you know what? You
say, "Lord, I..."You get quiet. "Lord, help
me. I want to be baptized in the
Holy Ghost. Help me to pray
on another level.
I don't want to just be praying in
English. And I don't want to just be
at
this normal level,
but teach me to pray.
Teach me to pray on another
level."And
I believe the Holy Spirit will
help you. He'll teach you all things.
He'll lead you into all things.
He'll make you come up higher in
your prayer life with him.
Visions and things add to
it. The Lord's
gifts are there for
edifying the body, to show us how to pray
and
where to go in the spirit. And
as far as what's coming and things
like that, a watchman—not everybody's
going to see in the spirit, not
everybody's going to do things, but
everybody has the ability to hear the
Lord.
Everybody has the ability to have a
relationship with the Lord. He said, "My
sheep will hear me and a stranger's
voice they will not
follow."So
you say, "Well, I'm not baptized
in
the Holy Ghost. Does that mean I can't
hear God?"No, that's not what I said.
I'm saying you have the ability. The
moment you ask Jesus Christ to be your
Lord and Savior, you're wall-to-wall Holy
Ghost. He's inside of you, but the gift
is coming up out of you when you yield
to him to pray.
Does that make sense?
The moment that
he dwells in you, you're
wall-to-wall.
He's inside of
you. But that's when you yield to the
baptism of the Holy Ghost and he starts
flowing up out of you. Out of
your belly shall flow rivers of living
water.
And that's when you come up.
It's a different level. Now, I've seen a
lot of spirit-filled Christians that look
more dead than anybody else because they
don't practice. They've allowed their
tank to get on empty.
Being filled with the Holy Ghost...
Yeah, Braden got John 7:38: "He that
believeth on me, as the scripture hath
said, out of his belly shall flow rivers
of living water."Rivers. Not a
little stream. A river is a big bunch of
water.
It's not a little brook. It's not a little
thing—"Oh,
look, a little deer can drink
out of that."It's a river.
A boat can float down it. And the moment
you start having rivers flow, you can
move a lot with a river.
Think about what
Patsy
was talking about. The boat,
the river can pick up cars.
The river can pick up boulders. And the
moment you start allowing that Holy
Spirit to flow out of
you, out of those rivers, the things
that were unmovable will become movable
in your life.
What was a stronghold in your life
becomes not so strong anymore because a
river has the ability to transfer
things.
And the moment you yield to the spirit
of the Lord, out of that belly,
like it's saying right there in John,
"He that believeth on me, as the
scripture hath said, out of his belly
shall flow rivers of living
water."Those
rivers of living water are picking up
boulders and cars or whatever you've got
blocking your Holy Ghost flow and
moving it down.
He didn't say this little bitty stream,
but
a river. A river has great force
to move the obstacle out of your way.
So allow that river to flow out of you
today. And you'll see, as you are yielded
to and controlled by the Holy
Ghost in these last days,
the
impossible will now be
possible. The Bible says all
things are possible to him who believes.
But it comes from when you see a
boulder in your road and you're going,
"There is no way that we're going to get
that big dump truck moving"until you see
a gusher and you see that big Holy Ghost
river and it comes up there and it goes
boom and it lifts it up and moves the
obstacle and you're going,
"All things are possible to him who
believes."But
it's only by the spirit
of God as you yield yourself over to
him.
Hallelujah.
Let the river flow. You've got to let
the river flow in your life.
And there's only a certain level that
the English or whatever you
speak—maybe
Spanish, Korean, South Korean,
whatever,
Portuguese—whatever—will
take you only so far. But when
you get that river flowing out of you,
you can move anything. You can even
move a car.
There's nothing too
heavy. There's nothing too impossible.
But you yield to that river.
I hope that helped you a little bit as
we pray. I just want you to be
encouraged.
You know what, Braden? We can show that.
Patsy,
say that. That
might help them real quick.
I had it. I showed mama. Keep talking,
love.
We'll find it. It's on my
prayer. You find it and I'll talk to
them.
Okay, I'll look.
So,
do you remember? It was with Pastor Terry
and them and they're all talking and it
was at the end.
Yeah, I'll find it.
We can show that while we're praying.
But let's take communion real quick.
Let's pray and let's take
communion real quick, and then we'll go
to the next level. Oh, Braden was
wanting
to tell you, Japan moved to
ban
designer babies. What
did
I tell you? The Lord said they
will try to have designer babies in the
days ahead, that they will say, "Well, we'll
put this part and this part,"and they'll
genetically alter your DNA to make you
have a clone, a baby that is perfect.
"Well, we want blonde
hair, blue eyes, and muscles. We want
them to have genetics like Arnold
Schwarzenegger immediately."Don't have
any genetic... well, you know,
I heard cancer runs in the family. So
they take that genetic out of there
somehow. And then that baby... I saw
Build-A-Baby.
Remember I heard
They're building a baby. Japan moves to
ban designer babies.
Tokyo plans strict laws outlawing
gene-editing
embryos for
childbirth
with prison terms and fines
for violations.
No genetic super soldiers for today.
Ain't that interesting? But I said,
'Who did
it?'China.
I saw China's government doing
it.
And I said, 'China will create super
babies, and you can go to them and you'll
pay them to have, and you'll hold it in a
lab.'And
I said, 'China will do
it.'Well,
Japan knows it.
It's
kind of interesting. I said it starts in
Asia, in China, and that's what the
Lord said.
Any super soldiers?
Even so, super soldiers. Isn't that
interesting? I said they even used the
word 'super
soldiers.'Do
you have it, love?
I'm trying to find it.
All right. Let's pray. Pray with me.
But if you can't find it,
we'll do it another night. It's cool
because it was a really good
educational thing to show them.
It's right there. It said it right
there.
This one?
Uh-huh. Go all the way to the end.
Yes. But it's when she
shows the river.
Okay. Mom can find it.
It's right there, baby. You're looking
at the river right there. She's talking
about it.
Okay.
Rewind.
Just show where she says
it. It will bless them.
Paty went home to be with the Lord this
last year, and she was a
Rhema graduate
with brother Hagin and did prayer with
brother Hagin, and she was anointed by
God. I tell you, Paty was. And I'm
telling you, if you ever listen to some
of her stuff, I'd encourage you
to
Google it—I mean, YouTube
it—and
find it, and she'll help your prayer
life.
Yep. Did he find it? You need the
timestamp
right here.
Yep. Go ahead. Rivers can be at an
amount that they are tsunami supply. So
if you'll go ahead and roll that and
just look at that,
and you don't have to turn on the sound.
This stream of water was just a
little runoff ditch
and now it is moving. And
you need to,
of course, you know that flood water is
usually dirty water. The river that
comes out of Jesus Christ that we come
to him and drink
is crystal clear, and it is life at
the front today that's coming fast.
It's life.
That word, Pastor George, that you got for
this meeting, you know, about persistence
in prayer.
Look
at—just
keep praying.
Now, it would take a group of men to
move a car.
Yeah. But look at these ones down here.
If they wanted to move it,
even if they came now, they still
couldn't get their car.
If there gets to be enough water,
look at it.
Things that you cannot move
just begin to
float—obstinate
things.
People are moved away from what they
need to be moved away from and carried
to what they need to be carried to.
There goes another one.
We got his car.
That one wants to get out of the flow,
but it moved him nonetheless. And
there
goes some more.
That persistence, perpetual persistence,
drinking from Jesus—he said, 'Out of
your innermost being
would flow
rivers.'Thank
you, Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus. Now that one,
you see,
it's a good illustration. And that's
what you have inside of you: a river.
And the obstacles that are in your way
that you think will always be
there, there's an expiration date to
what you're believing for. And I told
you, praying and allowing the Holy
Spirit to flow through you will change
you. And it will move the obstacles that
seem to be so stuck. But it's that river
that will pick up the most
stubborn things in your life and remove
it.
And so if you're stuck
in English and you're saying, 'Well,
Brandon, all I do is just pray in
English,'I
encourage you, like I said,
get the book Why Tongues, relisten to
prayer teachings,
flow with him, and the more he will
become more real to you. Like what we're
talking about books, you have to
inspire yourself. You have to stir
yourself up. And that's why we try to
continually listen to prayer teachings
and find things. How bad do you want to
change in your life? And you're not
going to get there by just staying
around the English and just
praying what you know because the spirit
prays and intercedes through us, and he
knows things that we don't know. You
might have Sister Somebody come up
before you. You say, 'You know, I
haven't thought about him or her in
years.'That's
not just normal.
That's the Holy Spirit warning you: 'I
need you to pray for them. I need you to
pray for people like Erica.
I need you to pray for people like
Candace Owens. And I need you
to pray for Alex Jones. I want you to
pray for Mel Gibson.'I don't
know these people, but the Lord said, 'I
want you to pray for them.'Why? Because
you have a river flowing out of you that
will help move the obstacle for them.
Why?
'I have a plan for their lives. I'm
going to use Erica in the days ahead
that will pack coliseums full of young
people.'But
the enemy wants to kill, steal, and
destroy. Why? Pray for them.
And then when the Lord gives you
something, it's not to gossip; it's to
help. And a lot of times, that's why I
say I have to watch myself because I
don't want to come up and
gossip. 'This is what I'm seeing about
President Trump. Pray for his help. Pray
for this.'But you know, because I'm
trying to lead millions of you, and then
you come across as people say,
'Well, you got to be careful because you
don't want to gossip.'I'm not
gossiping.
I'm trying to tell you we've got to pray
for individuals. And when you're leading
this many—if I had a little group of
five people, it would be a lot easier. I'd share
a lot more. But whenever you're praying
with millions, like I said, 3.9
million last month, it's a big
difference. It's like a small city.
It's New York. We have New York praying.
It's a big difference. So maybe I'm
more guarded with what I say,
but I'm trying to warn you all that
river is going to flow out of you
tonight if you will just allow him to
use you and grab a hold of your tongue
and say, 'I'm ready to go to the deeper
levels with him and allow the obstacles
from Coachella to the Boston Marathon to
all these things that the devil has a
plan for.'And he is hell-bent on tearing, disrupting,
killing, stealing,
and destroying many
people's lives. And you say, 'You know what?
No, not today, Satan. And no, not
tomorrow. You're not doing it. As for
me, we're going to stand and we're going
to pray for our nation. We're going to
intercede for our president,
or
wherever you are. If you're in Australia
or wherever, I'm praying for my pastor.
I'm praying for the evangelists,
for the pastors, the teachers, the
prophets. I'm praying for them. And
we're going to move this with the river
that is inside of
me.'So,
I want you to get excited about
prayer and realize that you're playing
your part and you are a vital piece to
the puzzle.
Never look at yourself as
just—no.
Yield. Even if all you know how
to do right now is pray in English or
pray in your native tongue,
have an anticipation and an expectation
that it's time for you to go deeper with
the rivers.
Don't be satisfied.
Being satisfied is to become
complacent.
We don't want to become complacent in
our relationship with Jesus. Don't allow
complacency to rule you. Allow the Holy
Spirit to take you from
glory to glory to be made more
in his image, to stay on that potter's
wheel.
And in doing so, God will change
you from the inside out. I talk way
too much with those videos, but there
you go. Father, we thank you
for the body. We take this in
the name of Jesus. We take authority
over our household and my
wife, my children, everything around us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that by your
stripes we're healed, whole, and well in
the name of Jesus. And we take this in
Jesus'mighty
name. Thank you, Lord, for
the blood. We make much of the blood and
the blood makes much of us. We shut the
door to sin, sickness, disease, poverty,
and
lack. We'll not have it in this house.
We come up higher in our prayer life
tonight with you, Father, that out of
our belly flow those rivers of living
water. And I thank you, Father, for the
blood. We make much of the blood, and the
blood makes much of us. We apply the
blood of Jesus over us, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. We thank you, Lord, that you
speak through our vocal cords and think
through our minds. I hear your voice,
and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
I thank you, Lord, that today we
move the boulders. We move what we need
to in the name of Jesus. And we take the
blood. Amen and amen. You believe it!
Thank you for the rain, Lord. We hear
the sound of an abundance of rain.
I love it! Do you all hear the thunder?
Father,
we lift up Erica before you.
We lift up Turning Point
in the name of Jesus. We call a
refreshing over this young woman. We
thank you, Father, right now that the
blood of Jesus Christ covers her from
the top of her head to the soles of her
feet. We thank you, Lord, that she'll be
so loud in these last days and bring in
many of the captive people, and they
will be no longer captive. Father,
we are bringing them all to the
saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus
Christ. The college campuses around
America will know Jesus Christ, and we
call a protection around and about her.
We plead the blood of Jesus over her
mind. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that there's peace that passes
all understanding all around her right
now in the name of Jesus. And every
plot, every plan, every pursuit of
these
demonic spirits that are nipping at
her—I
thank you, Father, that the angels of
the Lord are camped around and about her
in the name of Jesus. And the devil, you
will not have a stronghold anymore in
her life. We thank you, Lord,
for
the cease and desist of their
maneuvering against them—the demonic
spirits that have been assigned—we
apply
the blood. And we thank you, Lord, that
she would have a road to Damascus
experience with you. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that there's a supernatural
turning in her heart right
now—a
supernatural fire burning up inside
of her in the name of Jesus to get the
job done. This isn't political;
this isn't about finances; but it's
about the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ and bringing in
the lost so they
would be
saved. They would say, 'I once was
lost, but now I'm found.'And I thank
you, Lord, that you use this ministry,
Turning Point, in the name of Jesus. And
what the devil meant for bad, even with
Charlie Kirk's passing, Father, I thank
you that you're going to get the good
out of it: every plot, every plan, every
demonic attack in the name of Jesus. We
thank you, Lord.
We uplift people; we uplift
their ministry, their
staff, and the calling on
their lives to get the job done. Father,
we lift up our sisters and brothers
in the Lord. No matter what we feel
or believe about it, or what conspiracy
we're hearing, or what we know—until it's
fact, it's just a 'he said,
she said.'But Father, we lift up people,
and we lift up even Candace. I lift up
Mrs. Owens over her family. And I
thank you, Father,
that you're not done with her yet. That
you stir in her heart even tonight
as she's sleeping or wherever she's at.
Her toe is broken; I heard someone say
her foot is broken. We call healing over
her foot. We call deliverance over her
foot, Father. She rolled her foot and
broke it this last week.
I ask you, Father, to touch her foot right
now in Jesus'name. Father, I pray that she's
able to pick her kids up again.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you would
become so real to her that
she'll not go down wrong paths,
but
she'll go on the right path. Father,
she'll not deviate off the call that you
have for her to do. No matter how much all
these voices and money and all the
things try to pull us and try to
snare us, Father, let us stay on
the right road.
We run from the appearance of evil. We
refrain from the appearance of evil. We
come up higher in our fellowship with
you. And Father, we thank you, Lord. We
pray for those that despitefully
use and come against
us—those
that are running us down.
Love
takes no account of a suffered wrong. We
forgive those that come against us. We
forgive them in Jesus'name. We apply the
blood over the circumstances, the people
that are backbiting and trying to hurt.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the angels
of the Lord are camped around and about
us. A thousand shall fall at our side
and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh us.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it. Every
tongue—the
words that are spoken against
us—we
condemn
them.
They will not bear fruit in our
lives.
They will not bear fruit around us. We
will not receive that harvest, but
Father, I thank you, Lord, we call crop
failure in
Jesus'name.
Father, let us stay on the path that
is
right with you, that the Holy Spirit is
able to flow through. We come up higher
in our thinking.
I see a helpmate coming. I see a man of
great integrity coming.
I see one that's polished and sharp with
his mouth
that
will be a helpmate.
He
is stepping
in
to have integrity, to
not let the pressure
of it all destroy
somebody. The character to hold the pressure
of
the mantle,
like
Esther.
I see a doubling of Turning Point, a
doubling
in the USA.
There
are
things that have been set in
motion.
Don't be unequally yoked with
unbelievers.
Don't
take counsel from the
ungodly. But when you marry
in...
this is what
Solomon did,
and
it
destroyed
a lot.
You
allow their false gods to come
into
the Almighty God circle,
and you're linked up with their
influence.
It's compromise. That's what
the
Bible says: don't yoke yourself up to somebody
that's an unbeliever.
It's life and death in some
circumstances, especially when it comes
to ministry.
It's make or break.
You can go down the wrong road out
of lust
and
think, 'Well, I'm going
to change
them,'but
you marry and line yourself up
with an unbeliever,
and it derails the whole thing
because they had no desire; it's just
about fame
and
popularity.
You must come up higher to
discern this.
Thank you, Lord.
Now move on to the next thing.
I
pray
that his mind is sharp and alert.
That spirit that
tries
to come on his mind like Joe Biden will
not have a stronghold on him, Father.
That he has clear thoughts within,
Father, that he hears your voice and
a
stranger's voice he will not follow; he'll yield
to you.
Lord, we
are
going to pray for JD Vance
today.
I pray over JD Vance right now, Father,
that he has clarity to
help lead the nation.
We
pray over JD Vance
and
his wife. We pray over them
as
great leaders.
We thank you, Father,
for transfers
and
clear thoughts.
I thank you, Father, for taking no counsel
from the ungodly
and
for
raising up leaders
for such
a time as this,
creating in people a clean heart. Lord,
we ask you for creating a
clean heart.
I pray over Marco Rubio.
I thank you, Father, for Marco Rubio,
that
he
is a good leader and has a
clean heart. I thank you for the position and endowment of
glory that I see, a transfer. I thank you,
Father,
for your
hand guiding this great nation.
I pray over Marco Rubio
right now in the name of Jesus,
over his mind and his leadership
ability.
I thank you, Father, that he is able to
lead at a greater
capacity in the days ahead
and
that you strengthen
him. Father, we
thank you
for
his family. I pray protection
around his children, that they have a
greater capacity to rise up and be
the leaders you are calling them to
be.
We pray over his wife
and
his four children. We thank you,
Lord, that there is protection over them
and an endowment of glory
to lead at a greater
capacity in the days ahead.
Give them the grace to
withstand the pressure that
is
coming,
that
they are able to handle it
and
the cup of this will not crush
them,
but they will have a backbone like a
crowbar and be able to lead
across the land. I pray for
JD Vance, for his mind, and for Usha. We pray
for Usha
and
for the new baby. We pray for all
ten
fingers and ten toes and
for
a stronger ability to lead in
the days ahead. We pray
in the name
of Jesus for a supernatural covering
around them that they will be the
leaders they need to be.
Father,
I thank you for
the
covering in the
name of Jesus for supernatural
leadership ability and an endowment of
anointing to do what they are called
to do.
I thank you for supernatural favor
and
supernatural
anointing,
for the Lord has spoken today.
Be strong, lead with
effectiveness,
and
finish the race.
I see an endowment of glory
and
the strides.
The Cubans! Freedom!
We pray for
Rubio and for wisdom
on how to do the things he needs to
do in the days ahead. We pray over JD
Vance, his
life, his wife,
and
his
children. We pray
for
sobriety, clear thoughts, and being
sober-minded.
We
thank you, Lord, for JD Vance
and
for rising up a strong
backbone.
We fear you, Lord, not man. We
do what you say do. We
pray for revival across this
land.
We thank you, Lord, for stirring in the
hearts
across every church, every
prophet, pastor,
evangelist, and teacher.
Father, I pray for Don Jr., Eric,
Ivanka, Tiffany, and
Barron.
I pray a hedge of protection around
them. I pray for Jared and the family. I pray for Melania. I thank you
for strength and wisdom over
them,
Father. I thank you, Lord,
for supernatural healings over their
bodies and divine
protection in
Jesus'name.
I thank you, Father, that every tongue
that rises against them will be
condemned. I pray a hedge of blood
around the children:
Barron,
Tiffany, Eric,
and Don. No
weapon formed against them shall prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten
thousand
at their right hand, but it shall
not come nigh them.
I praise you,
Lord, for greater
things in store. I pray over Kai,
the granddaughter.
I
pray over the Secret Service, over every
heart and individual,
that they are
in the right place at the right
time.
I pray they hear you and know your
voice and know how to protect
and serve this nation. Father, I
thank you that
they will
know the real threats from the
wrong threats.
I pray for supernatural protection
around the President,
his
wife,
and
the Vice President.
I thank you, Lord, for
the FBI and Homeland
Security. I pray a hedge around
them and that they have supernatural
wisdom concerning
this nation. We take
authority over civil war
and
rebuke
it
in the name
of Jesus. We will not have civil war
in this land.
I
call peace over this land.
There
will
not be a civil war in this
land.
There
will
not be blue versus red.
I see the militias
and
war vets from Vietnam
rising
up.
They
are
like hidden
peacekeepers
throughout
the land to
not let civil war divide
us.
I see old military with big beards,
standing
as
peacekeepers.
And I see guys that look
like bikers.
In the days ahead, I see these men
across the land.
They say, "We have sworn to
protect this nation, foreign and
domestic."And
I see they say we must protect even
domestic.
I see a rising up of military vets in
Texas, Alabama, Arkansas, all throughout
the South.
They are called freedom fighters.
I see some of them have bandanas on and
they look pretty gnarly.
It's not necessarily
how they carry themselves; it's
like the old way.
You know what I'm saying? I don't know
how else to describe that. Sometimes
what
you're seeing is a metaphor. It's not
necessarily that they wear bandanas and
have them on there; they look
like warriors, old war vet
warriors from the Vietnam era.
I see a time in this nation.
These people are highly trained.
I see Texas dividing itself away from
New York. I see Texas having its own
thing. Texas will become strong in the
days ahead and they'll have
their own business. They're going to
have their own walls. Texas
will have their own walls.
I see walls on Texas blocking out
Louisiana, blocking out Mexico, and
Oklahoma is like freedom with them. And
I see a line.
I see a line with oil in Texas. I see
the Gulf. I see a strong Texas.
I see longhorn cattle over Fort Worth,
Texas and Dallas.
I
see.
Ah, I
Can we change any of this, Lord?
What is all this that you show me?
Can we stop any of
this? After the rapture,
tell me this: we're not here for this.
Tell me we're not here for all this.
Oh, Father,
this has to be when the church is gone.
Am I looking over into the tribulation?
Oh, Father. Amazing
grace,
how sweet the
sound
that saved
a
wretch
like me.
I once
was lost,
but now
I'm found;
was blind,
but now
I see.
Amazing
grace,
how sweet
the sound
that saved
a
wretch
like me.
I once
was lost,
but now
I'm found;
was blind,
but now
I see.
I can tell you what I see, but I'm not
trying to scare you.
I pray I'm looking into the
tribulation. I
see these militias that are
not saved.
It looks like Red Dawn.
Even the Mississippi River is
taken over.
It looks like complete anarchy in
America.
Texas is separated from the country.
They are their own entity
and they're fighting for survival,
basically. It looks like something out
of "One
Second After."Remember
that book
where after an EMP strikes?
They're actually taking
over the river.
In the vision, I could see
these militia men taking over the
Mississippi River.
"One Second
After"is
the book.
It's like that;
they're taking over the river
on who can cross and who
can't.
It looked like something out
of a bad movie,
with
militias rising up.
It looked like
complete anarchy,
like they were just trying to bring
stability to America.
There were fires
everywhere. I could see...
it was lit. It looked like literal...
where is our
Constitution? I don't know.
It looked across the
land like it was
a
civil war,
a dividing of the
North from the South.
People were fighting for power,
like the northern states like Illinois
and the southern states.
I could see Texas trying to say,
"Hey, we're our own out here. You
ain't coming in here."It looked
like they had their own trade,
trying to stay alive. It
looked like something out of a
weird, bad movie. I don't
know how else to describe it to you; it has
to be the tribulation.
People were
just bearing up arms trying to stay
alive, trying to fight and keep
things afloat.
The northern states were
going with the
beast system,
while
the people down south were fighting
it.
They know the Bible; they
know what was coming.
New York and those
areas
looked like a
dark gray blob versus down
south. But I could see
patches on these men's
leather coats. They had patches with
cobra snakes.
They look like
bikers, but they had military patches
like snakes and things
like that. I could see things on there
that were representations of a tribe,
who they were in the military.
I could see Marines
and
what kind of rank they were.
They had military badges on their
leather coats.
They looked like
bikers, but they were military.
They had big patches on the back of their coats
and the
front.
You don't want to mess
with them.
Y'all don't realize how close we are to
the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ,
how close we are to really going into
tribulation.
This dispensation of grace is coming to
an end,
and everything that we've ever known is
about to change.
If you don't know the Lord Jesus Christ,
that's why I keep telling you: you
must get saved.
I don't believe we're appointed
unto
wrath. I
pray to God that we
don't see what I just saw.
The
words and the visions and the depth of
what I just saw are something I can't
even speak out over camera.
All I can tell you is, if
that's tribulation, you don't want to be
here.
The only way you're going to know if
you're right with the Lord
is by confessing him as your Lord and
personal Savior and repenting of your
sins and becoming all-in in these last
days, saying, "I don't want to be a
part of this without you."I don't want
to be a person
that's riding the fence. I want to be
all-in for Jesus. No
matter how dark it gets,
I want to be light for Jesus. And if I
go by the graveside, by martyrdom
or whatever I do, I want to make sure
that to be absent from the body is to
be present with the Lord.
We are only one breath away from
eternity
at all times.
God gives us grace to get through every
single day. Our heart functions by
him. And the moment we stop
breathing, where will you spend
eternity? None of us are promised
tomorrow.
Some of you don't even realize
that you have stuff going on with your
body that you're so close to death. It's
like that fast.
But
the thing you should be more
concerned about is where will I spend
eternity,
not about your health and all that other
stuff. Yeah, we work out, we take care
of our bodies, but I want to make sure
my heart is right before the Great
Creator.
If I was to die tonight, where
would I spend eternity? That's what you
need to ask yourself. For all the things
I keep seeing,
it literally is shock and awe
for me. I have to pause, like I did,
just looking at things, going,
"What am I looking into right
now?"I
don't want to say this out loud and I
don't know what to do with it.
I don't want to scare people, but
I'm trying to prepare you
that if you don't have a relationship
with Jesus,
you're in trouble either way.
You can go through hell on the
earth and know that if I die,
I'm going to spend eternity with him,
or you can go through hell on earth and
go to hell and spend eternity
in hell.
I
choose
heaven.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to go through hell,
but
the
tribulation is hell on earth. It's bad.
I hope I'm making this clear.
We must become right with
the Lord right now
with all the signs and the things that
are happening around us. We
are at an all-time high of
looking up where we know our redemption
draws nigh. But there's many of you that
are just right on the edge and you don't
even realize how close we are. You
really probably don't care;
you're just living for the world. But
you're here right now and you're like,
"Man, I feel something. I feel like I
need to get right with God. I think
tonight, Brandon, I'm going to sell out
to Him. I want to be all
in."I
know I take a long time on these
altar calls because there's so many of
you. Holy Spirit, allow me to have
time to work on their hearts.
Allow me to do it.
I can present it to you, but it's His
job to bring forth the increase.
Some plant, some water, but God brings
the increase. I can only present the
gospel to you and tell you you must be
born again or you won't enter into the
kingdom of God. It's His job to call you
right now. So, I give Him time to work
on your heart.
He said, "Give me time. I'm calling
forth my precious
fruit."So
tonight, you say, "Brandon, will you
please pray for me?"I wish sometimes I
could project the vision of what
I'm seeing on a screen for you to look
at because what I saw right then
troubled me greatly.
Not for my flesh, but for those that are
lost.
I know what happens to me if I go; I
must be with Jesus. I know what happens: Souls
are going to
spend eternity, but where?
What about you?
That's what I'm concerned about. The
troubling of what I see is so many
people are going to hell. And
you look at them and go, "This is not
good,"because
they don't realize it's
forever. It's for eternity. But tonight,
you have the opportunity to make your
heart right with the Lord. I
want
to say a simple prayer for you, but I
want you to be bold about your decision
tonight and say, "Brandon, will you pray
for me? I want to be all in with the
Lord. I want to make sure I'm right with
the Father. I want to repent and I want
to turn and I want to do things right
tonight. Will you please pray for
me?"I
want you to be bold right now in
the comment section and I want you to
tell everybody, "I want to be saved
tonight."I
want to be saved tonight just
as I am. "Amazing grace,
how sweet the sound
that saved a wretch like me.
I once
was lost,
but now I'm found.
Was blind, but now I
see."Amazing
grace,
how sweet
the sound
that saved
a
wretch
like me.
I once
was lost,
but now
I'm found.
Was blind,
but now
I see.
I remember what it was like
to be blind, but now I see. And
tonight's your night that you were once
lost, but now you're found. I want to
say a simple prayer. Say it with me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe You are the Son
of God. I believe You died for me and
You rose again on the third day. Jesus,
I'm a sinner and I need You as a
Savior. I confess my sins before You. I
ask You right now, I turn my back on the
world. I turn my back on the devil. I
turn my back on my sin and from this day
forward, Lord, I am born again. I ask
You to write my name in the Lamb's Book
of Life. Jesus, tonight I dedicate my
life to You. I give You my heart. I give
You my mind. I give You my soul. I give
You my spirit. I give You everything. I
thank You, Lord, that today I am born
again.
As the deer panteth after the water, Lord,
so my soul will panteth after You. And I
believe that today
if I was to die, I'll be with You in
paradise forever.
I believe that tonight I'm born again.
Thank You, Lord, that You have written
my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank You, Lord, that I'm free. Thank
You, Lord, that You have forgiven me and
I'll serve You from this day forward
with all I have. I love You, Jesus.
Thank You, Lord, for inviting me into
Your kingdom tonight. Amen and
amen."I
believe if you just said that prayer
and you meant it with all your heart
and you believe He is the Son of God,
you believe He died for you, I believe
you are born again. Now welcome to the
family. You're going to ask me, "Brandon,
what do I do now?"Well, you find a
Bible-believing
church. Go to church. Tell
that pastor there, "Listen, I want to
be water baptized."Get water-baptized.
Get filled with the Holy Ghost. Get
excited about your decision tonight. Go
to church on Sundays. Go to church on
Wednesdays. Get plugged in there.
Read your Bible every single day and
pray. Like, subscribe, click our
notification, come over here and pray
with us. If you don't
have a Bible and you just said the
sinner's prayer, you just gave your
heart to Jesus Christ tonight, we want
to send you a Bible for free.
We just
want to love on you and tell you, "Welcome
to the family. Welcome home."All you
have to do is email us at the address in the
description down below. Write your name,
your address, and how to send the
Bible to you and put in the subject
line,
"I got born again,"and we want
to send it to you.
We'll get it to you as
soon as possible. We're just excited
you're here and we pray that you are
richly blessed by our
YouTube ministry.
Welcome
home. Welcome to the family. I don't
know if anybody gave their heart to
Jesus Christ tonight, but if they did,
Braden usually tells me.
Last
night we had 72
and the night before we had
49. Braden's so funny; Braden
says
49. I'm excited. Every
single time it's about the same number.
I wonder if some of you
are
saying the prayer over and over
again.
You never know. But
I
just told Diana, "Thank God that there
are people coming to Jesus
Christ."It's
exciting.
I'm so excited for every single one of
you that are giving your heart to Jesus
Christ on this channel. It's
amazing.
I'm sorry y'all, I'm just a little
heavy.
Whenever I see what I see,
sometimes it's very heavy and I pause
a little bit. Maybe I'm acting a
little different, but what I saw
tonight bothered me
because I see what I see.
There's times of prayer that when I
go over to that other side like that,
I'm looking over into the Tribulation
and things, and people don't realize how
things are about to change so
much.
You can read it in the pages
of this beautiful
Bible, and even what
you read, we
only
see a glimpse.
Seven years: three and a half of not
so bad, three and a half of hell on earth.
Do you have a comprehension of
that?
We've had
Joe Biden for four years and we've had
Trump, and that
wouldn't even compare to the
timeframe.
We were all
miserable for four years with Joe Biden
as president and everybody's like, "Oh my
God, the sky is
falling."He's
running into walls and things
are happening. We pray for him, but
that was four years
and that was hard on a lot of
people.
Imagine
seven years of
Tribulation. There's
a lot that can happen in seven years.
People don't realize the drought, the
pestilence, the plagues, the
earthquakes, the stuff that will be in
that timeframe. That's why
I try to emphasize this to you
every single time. You've got to get
right with Jesus.
You've
got to get born again. Even if
the
Pre-Tribbers
are wrong
and we go through it, I'd rather go
through the Tribulation. Everybody
tells
me, 'Brandon, I have a biblical basis to
say that we go through the whole
Tribulation.'They
sent me the letters;
they've
got scripture to back what they
believe. Okay, so what if you're right
and the Pre-Tribbers are wrong? I'd
rather go into the Tribulation having Jesus,
the
Holy Ghost, and fire inside of me,
casting out devils and everything. I
just don't see how that could
happen.
But you know, I'll give
you the benefit of the doubt. What if
you're right? I'm going in there with
Him. To be absent from the
body—and
if I die, I'm going to die as a
martyr, and I'm going to go down fighting,
and I'm going to tell everybody about
Jesus on the way out.
But there are millions of
Christians who are full of the Holy Ghost and fire
who
are even on here tonight. I just
don't see how the devil could rule and
reign and do what they think
they're going to do with all these tongue-talking,
born-agains.
We can bind
the devil and do what we do, and all of a
sudden we go, 'What will happen to
us?'Because
I'm going to tell you this: I'm
going to be fighting in the spirit realm,
praying in the Holy Ghost just like I do
now. And they're going to go, 'He's a
problem in the Tribulation.'She's a
problem in the Tribulation. You are a
problem in the Tribulation. We're
raising heck with him. We're going there
praying and doing what we do because I'm
going to keep praying in the spirit. I'm
going to keep ruling and reigning with
Him. And the Antichrist is
going to go, 'We've got to figure out where that
guy's at because he's seeing all this
stuff about what I'm going to do
next.'I'm
just saying I don't know,
because the gifts don't go away. The
gifts and callings of God are without
repentance. I've operated
in
this since I was 16 years old, and
it isn't going to go away. Even if I'm
walking in the Tribulation, I'm going to
be singing over there, too. And I'm
going to tell everybody, 'This is what's
going on.'I'm going to tell you what's
coming next. I'm going to warn
everybody. I'm a sound; I'm going to
yell from the mountaintops. And I believe
my angels keep charge over me, and
they'll bear me up in their hands lest I
dash my foot against a stone. But if I
were
to go home, I'd go home with victory.
I'm just saying. And I see a lot more
watchmen
than Brandon Biggs.
There are
a lot of people who see the
spirit and hear and walk in giftings;
they
just don't have a platform on
YouTube. They have great gifts. Billy
Burke's going to be touching people,
falling out and everything in the
Tribulation. I just don't see that.
I
mean, seriously, I just don't see it.
People want to argue with me all
the time. 'I believe we go through the
whole
thing.'Okay.
It's just a stupid argument a lot of
times. I just don't believe it.
I can't wrap my mind around it. There's no
way. I believe we're not appointed
unto
wrath. I believe God's not a
wife-beater.
And I believe with all my heart
that our day is coming and Jesus
Christ is coming for us—the church, the
remnant, the people who have
their vessels full. And I pray that
you're one of them—that you have your
vessel full, you're excited about the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, and He
is coming back for you and me. Do you
believe that? There are some of you, I
know you believe it. You're on my side.
You believe what we're saying, that
Jesus is coming. And the word talks
about—I
love people like Rick
Renner
that teach it, and Perry Stone and
these others.
I only think there's like one
person that I know that
has
a big ministry that teaches we go
through the Tribulation.
Maybe there's more, but I
don't listen to them.
But I
try to tell you all: Jesus loves you. He
has a plan for your life. It's to bless
you and not harm you; it's to give you a
good and expected end. He loves you
tonight. I know that was kind of a
different night of prayer. I covered
it
the best I could with what I was
shown, and I was trying to tiptoe
around rice paper
until I have a release.
Thank you, Lord.
Dave
List—no,
you don't have to give that poll.
You're going to get a lot of people ticked
off. Braden,
we already know. We get the letters.
There's a lot of people that believe we
go through the whole thing. Same thing.
And people argue about the
earth being
flat. I don't believe the
earth's flat; I believe it's round. I've
seen it. I've been in the spirit. And
I can tell you that heaven is a
massive place that looks like a
giant earth. It's a massive, massive
place.
It's
a huge place. Heaven is huge.
'On earth as
it is in
heaven.'It's
massive, and it's glorious, and it's
beautiful,
and there is no darkness at all.
Father, we're so thankful. We're so
grateful for every person—all 49 people
who
gave their hearts to Jesus tonight.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, I pray for Boston real quick.
Father, we pray over Coachella. We pray
for these events. We pray for our oil
wells. We pray for all our
oil facilities. Everything that's
happening with this nation, we cover it
in the name of Jesus. I plead the blood
of Jesus over our oil fields, over our
oil wells, over all our gas facilities,
over Coachella, over
Boston, over every major
event this weekend. I thank You, Father,
that every plot, every plan, every
demonic attack is uncovered in
Jesus'name
across this land.
And we thank You, Lord, for supernatural
protection
over this land in Jesus'name. And Father,
I pray over President Trump's mind. We
thank You, Lord, that he is thinking
right.
Father, that his mind is renewed. Father,
that he is able to think like he's
supposed to, to finish his job, finish
the race—that he's uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force.
We thank You, Father, that he
will
rise up with a backbone like a crowbar
and finish his race strong.
Thank You, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And we give You all the glory, honor,
and praise for it. And we thank You,
Father, for all that You've done for
this nation so far and around the world.
Australia—all
of them represented here
tonight—we
pray for their families. We
pray for them, Father. We thank You,
Lord, for the glory of the Lord in the
name of Jesus that surrounds them. As
we continue to pray and lift up the
nations together, we give You
praise, Lord. Amen and amen.
And for the people who have droughts, we
pray for rain.
We call in rain.
I don't know why I just thought of that.
Yeah, we call in rain. We call in rain.
We call five inches for every
single one of you—five inches of rain
on every single household in the name of
Jesus. That it would be such a bountiful
supply that it would be a
toad-strangler.
Father, I thank You,
Lord, that You're bringing in the rain on
the currents all around. Father, that we
break drought in Jesus'name. We come
against drought. We say, 'Drought, go in
Jesus'name.
Rain, come in
Jesus'name.'And
we thank You, Father, for the Holy
Ghost flow of rain, rain, rain
over our earth. Water our fields. Water
our streams. Water our trees and our
grass. Father, we thank You, Lord. Thank
You for the rain we received tonight,
Lord. Thank You for the thunder. Thank
You for the lightning. Thank You for the
blessing. Cleaning our air, cleaning
things, getting ready for
a beautiful summer that's coming.
I know it's been a long
time. We'll pray again tomorrow, but I
just pause because I'm trying to
filter
as we grow.
I thought it was great.
You did?
Yeah, I thought it was wonderful.
Okay.
Well, you're always there for me, honey.
I want to get to that
level when you're praying and
I'm seeing over what I'm seeing, and I
don't know.
I felt the flow when I was in
the river.
All right. Well, we love you. Put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. We'll see you tomorrow. God bless
you all. Have a wonderful night. Bye-bye.